So here's our lamb
shank that we've removed from our leg.
Again, this cut is very tough.
We want to braise this one low and slow
to break down that connective tissue.
You see it.
You can see that
connective tissue in there.
And that's what we want to break down.
Moving into the leg,
the leg is a medium tender cut.
This is a cut that we can roast and serve.
Medium rare.
It's a little bit more forgiving than that
shank.
Now we're going to start by boning it out
so I can see where that shank started
and where
that ball joint is on the other side.
So basically, to get this bone out I'm
going to draw a line between these two.
So I'm going to use this line
here on the animal itself to guide me.
So I'm going to go
straight down against that bone
all the way through
to see it on the bottom.
Once I can see it.
I'm going to go all the way around it.
We go
now, I'm going to just kind of stand
this up.
And Trace downwards towards me.
At this point as well,
there's a little kneecap in here
that I like
to make sure
that I've got on the bone as well.
I'll show it to you once I take it out.
So inside of here,
got that little floating kneecap.
You can see it right there. OK.
And that's what I like to keep it
on the bone here
so that I know it's not in my leg muscles
and this is that collagen
that we're looking at inside of here.
And we talk about a lot.
Now here's my
boned out leg of lamb.